Participants: Tyrone, Mike, Tom, Tim and Anders

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?

New items
---------

* Documentation for flake8 and pylint in test travis file. reminder what is motivation for both flake8 and pylint support and as relevant doc message to reflect
  * discussed and okayed

Agreed on fixing release end of July

Reminders
---------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
