Participants: Tim Snow, Andrew Lister, Michael Wathen, Tyrone Rees, Anders Markvardsen, Tom Farmer

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?

New items
---------
* We discussed, and set up, the bug triage board
* The multi-data functionality was clarifies
* Potential projects for an ISIS summer student were discussed.  These were:
  - Adding more data from experiments
  - Using findings to improve fitting in Mantid
  - Adding Horace to FitBenchmarking
  
**Anders** to contact Toby Perring and circulate a draft proposal.

Reminders
---------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
* Multi-model/data support
