
Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?
 * Add issue(s) for internal logger

New items
---------
* As we move out of covid-19 needs to decide on new target date for official release (anders)
  * We agreed we have these strands of works
    * MVP complete minus some tests
    * ALC objectives for stage 2 funding
    * code polish before release and to JOSS
    * generate new science outputs including related to specific software: some of this part of ALC stage 2
      and some separate dates. Horace and similar Matlab minimizer will be delayed because was not
      allowed to hire for Horace student project because of covid
  * Tyrone to create release branch and before next friday. Since this is first release we may need to take it by ear,
    but First estimate is 1 month beta testing and starting next friday
  * Master will continue to be available for features that will not form part of release
  * Decided on testing for open PRs
  * Will be looking for beta testers, and additional candidates (non code contributors)
  
* unit test cli/tests/test_main.py is it a unit test? And is this is a concern? (anders)
  * test_main.py was historically added before systemtest. Mike to adjust
  * related, getting all unit test to run on windows and how to accommodate. Anders to adjust

These items moved to next friday weekly:
* Discuss potential alternative ways of also displaying results table such as pdf or full web view options (anders) 
* Discuss default Jacobian options: https://github.com/fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking/issues/480 (Tyrone/Michael)
* Discuss readthedocs builds and suggestion for changes to the www.fitbenchmarking.com front page (anders)
  * For suggested changes to front page see https://github.com/fitbenchmarking/documents/blob/master/meetings/weekly-meetings/2020/Adjustments_to_front_web_page.PNG
  * readthedocs is a super build service, however
    * readthedocs build scripts may not be controlable from our source code? Currently readthedocs build uses Python 2.7 and have tons of warnings
    * we want local builds output to match that we display through our web page


Reminders
---------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
