Participants: Mike, Tyrone, Tom and Anders

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?

New items
---------

* Discussed issue with beta testing release workflow and its finding its solution
* Updated fitbenchmarking.com page changes
* Open issues and testiong

Reminders
---------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
