Participants: Tyrone, Michael, Tim and Anders

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?
 * Add issue(s) for internal logger

New items
---------
* Given coronavirus etc - take on summer student yes-no?
  * We plan to try, but will be more strict on applicant selection, and applicant need to be able to demonstrate that can contribute and work effectively remote 
* Output grapper not working on windows
  * discussed

Reminders
---------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
