Participants: Tyrone, Andrew L, Michael, Andrew M. and Anders

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?
 * Add issue(s) for internal logger

New items
---------
* Adjustment to proposed git branching workflow in last week's meeting?
  * Agreed adjusted workflow (see also picture below)
    * have just one ongoing `permanent` branch master
    * create branches before each release using format: release-"major"."minor".x, where we agreed the first such branch will be named release-0.1.x and where the first micro-release of this release branch will be tagged release-0.1.0. Any hot-fixes to this release branch will increment x by one. The next minor release will be 0.2.0 and a new release branch with name release-0.2.x will be created for that. Similar the next major release will be 1.1.0 and for this release branch 1.1.x will be created. If at some point we don't want to provide hot-fixes to a given minor release then the corresponding release branch may be deleted.  
  
* Happy with the freeze being today?
  * No, not quite yet, open PR needs merging
  * When ready we agree in Friday meeting or via our Slack channel

![alt text](https://github.com/fitbenchmarking/documents/blob/master/meetings/weekly-meetings/2020/git-branching-workflow%2028Feb2020.jpg "Picture from flipchart - git workflow")


Reminders
---------
* Code freeze is 28st Feb 2020. Then two weeks of beta testing and bug fixes before first release from 2nd to 13th March.
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
