Participants: Tyrone, Mike, Anthony and Anders

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?

New items
---------
* From last Friday meeting's minutes:
  * Tyrone to create release branch and before next friday. Since this is first release we may need to take it by ear,
    but First estimate is 1 month beta testing and starting next friday
  * Master will continue to be available for features that will not form part of release
  * Will be looking for beta testers, and additional candidates (non code contributors)
  
agreed on process

* Discuss potential alternative ways of also displaying results table such as pdf or full web view options (anders)
  * Agree to add output of table to pdf format 
* Discuss default Jacobian options: https://github.com/fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking/issues/480 (Tyrone/Michael)
  * Agree on process

* Discuss suggestion for changes to the www.fitbenchmarking.com front page (anders)
  * For suggested changes to front page see https://github.com/fitbenchmarking/documents/blob/master/meetings/weekly-meetings/2020/Adjustments_to_front_web_page.PNG
  * Discuss, but to conclude in next meeting
  
Move to next friday
* Discuss readthedocs builds
  * readthedocs is a super build service, however
    * readthedocs build scripts may not be controlable from our source code? Currently readthedocs build uses Python 2.7 and have tons of warnings
    * we want local builds output to match that we display through our web page


Reminders
---------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
