Participants: Tyrone, Mike, Tom and Anders

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?

New items
---------

* Tested process for beta github flow and satisfied
* Tom demo and suggested workflow for being notified about release failing and agreed

Reminders
---------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
