Participants: Tyrone, Tim, Andrew L, Anthony and Anders

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
* Anything for next sprint?
 * Add issue(s) for internal logger

New items
---------
* Time to introduce a develop branch:-) And agree on how to organise our first release
  * agreed on developer branch, and for no good reason other than it being fewer characters, name it `dev`
  * further agreed on creating, in connection with beta testing or similar, another 'permanent' branch `release-next`
    * the motivation for having this to be permanent was that this should help automating builds against it
    * this release branch will only be active doing beta releases or similar
    * the `release-next` allows parallel work during beta testing before to on one hand create release and separately allow other work to proceed not ready to be included in the next release to go into `dev` 
  * Going forward the master branch should only experience merges from the release-next branch and version of the code ready general use
* Discuss a few final questions on creating bunch of sasview problem def files
  * captured and discussed


Reminders
---------
* Code freeze is 28st Feb 2020. Then two weeks of beta testing and bug fixes before first release from 2nd to 13th March.
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
  - Tim has passed to Anders
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
