Participants: 

Discussion items
----------------
* Patrick to presents draft, which focus on state now and includes work he completed last summer
* Logo
* Hardware for Atijit
* Prior notice: will setup github org groups

Info and actions relevant to capture here
-----------------------------------------
(and which is not capture elsewhere)

* ...

