Participants: Tyrone, Andrew L, Tom, Anders, Andrew M, Tim, Anthony, Michael

Discussion items
----------------
* Discuss a suggestion for recurrent yearly online status update and what next where ex-contributors can also join (anders)
* www.fitbenchmarking.org or www.fitbenchmarking.net or other (anders)
* Meeting room change need - Michael volunteer?
* Agree on agenda for mini workshop (targeting maintenance and other work better done with crowd input, and targeting those wanting to understand code enough to become future testers and/or future developers)
  * below preliminary suggestions, please add as you see fit to discuss this friday
  * Overview of code and adjust parts which are not clear 
  * Merging of sasview and fitbenchmark problem definition formats 

Link to upcoming mini workshop: https://github.com/fitbenchmarking/documents/blob/master/workshop/2019-16th-Sep.md
