Participants: 

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?
 - #291

New items
---------
* Andrew L present on how to get options working
* Input as needed for next sprint
* Demo of fitbenchmarking.com, which documentation to point and timeline for wiki vs readthedocs documentation

Reminder
--------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?
* Create fitbenchmarking.org domain
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting:-)
