08/01/2021

Discussed:
	• Behind on milestones (have mitigating circumstances)
		○ Derivatives out of Mantid - Hard!
		○ Others should be straight forward
	• Sprint meetings
		○ Fortnightly - Monday 1:00pm or in place of Friday meeting?
		○ Setup workflow before grads start
	• Resources
		○ 2 Placement students:
			§ Ben Peters
				□ Technology Dept
				□ No funding from home dept - ALC funded (Band C) 0.25FTE from budget?
				□ 1st April
				□ Enable FitBM on ISIS software (Matlab)
			§ Rob Abley?
				□ Mantid Grad
				□ Python + C++ experience
				□ Funded
		○ SCD Placement Graduate
		○ Diamond
			§ New Data Analysis GL
			§ No current effort available
			§ Maybe in Autumn
	• Additional date from facilities
		○ SASView
			§ More work than expected
			§ Anders + Tim wc 18th?
			§ Part of grad work (Rob)? - Find out in 2 weeks
		○ Mantid or SASView training guides
		○ Discuss at next meeting

Actions:
[]	Tyrone force through Azure move
[]  Andrew add authentication to docker with tests
