Participants: Tyrone Rees, Michael Wathen, Tim Snow, Andrew McCluskey, Tom Farmer, Anthony Lim

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
  - Closed #150 as had previously determined new approach to combining accuracy and runtime
  - Andrew M to modify requirements to fix Travis issue

New items
---------
* Using slack better?
  - Yes, Anthony to add anyone not already on channel
* Feb for first yearly meeting for 1:30, use doodle for more specific time
  - Postponed to next week due to absence of Anders and Andrew L
* Make a reccurent item to discuss new issues?
  - Agreed, although only for specific (notable) issues
* Update on Andrew L's work reducing repeated code when calling minimizers
  - Mostly done, just needs to modify parsing for Mantid
* Ordering the data -- discuss the way forward
  - No ordering of data prior to minimization as Mantid does this when minimizing
* Report on CMG's next sprint goals
  - Consists of essential reliability tasks, adding new minimizers, changes to plotting
* Add a review checklist to the templates?
  - Agrred, added
* Tom to summarise Anders's meeting with Steve King
  - Tim volunteered generate 30 examples of Sasview data from models
