Participants: Tyrone, Michael, Andrew M, Andrew L and Anders

Recurrent items
----------------
* Any outstanding PRs?
* Any specific issues?

New items
---------
* MVP
  * We created https://github.com/fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking/projects/13
* JOSS (https://joss.readthedocs.io/en/latest/submitting.html#submission-requirements) 
* Laying out an agenda for FIRST yearly Fitbenchmarking meeting
  * moved to discuss in a future friday catchup
* Andrew's M front web site
  * linked it up to domain: http://www.fitbenchmarking.com/
* Anything for next sprint?

Reminders
---------
* How it is going with adding SasView problem definition files?

